- Xborg is a ESport Web3 Plateform powered by the XBORG token. 
- a souldbound token represent the merite achieved by a player
- connect players (and retribute them) and game creator 
- Value gerenated by the ecosystem is invested in early stage game and / redistribuate to XBORG holders
- Xborg aim to dismantle the power asymmetry of traditionnal gaming industrie
- support web3 game with a potential for esport

#### QUESTIONS
What is XBorg about?
Dismantle the power asymmetry of the traditional gaming industry by giving back its share of value to players through financial, social (soul bound token), and decision-making compensation. 
The goal is to federate the players of the Esport scene, as well as to bring together the creators of content in order to propose the universes of tomorrow allowing young and old to enjoy the video game universe of tomorrow!  

What are the products that XBorg aims to develop?
The Xborg ecosystem enables the creation of player communities as well as the support of web3 gaming projects by reinvesting the revenues generated by the protocol in emerging projects (as well as XBORG token holders).
To build the Esport scene of tomorrow, to bring players together in a secure and virtuous environment, and to help content creators on their way to a delivered project, Xborg is providing tools (XBORG tokens, SBT with customizable quest creation and representative of the player's actions, guilds, wTeam token, etc...)

Why are you interested in joining XBorg?
Young developer passionate about blockchain and gaming (=GameFi), I dream of being able to share my passion with other enthusiasts in my quest for a healthy GameFi universe accessible to all, where everyone can enjoy the merits of their time. 
I have worked in web2 through frontend and backend (Mern stack), as well as on web3 through defi projects and some personal gamefi projects. 

#### ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

It would be an honor to put my skills at the service of XBorg to build an ecosystem at the top of tomorrow's Web3 Gaming!